Subtitle Provide by dramacool.asia Translator [Admin.@YNG]
♪Passing by where leaves fall
and flowers fade♪
♪Chancing upon shooting stars
and northern lights♪
♪At this moment, I borrow the wind♪
♪To set sail for distant seas♪
♪Rumors swirl close to my ears♪
♪Some laugh and say my dreams are wild♪
♪Yet I will not change
my original aspiration♪
♪Even if it means running into a wall♪
♪I know the road
to growing up brings pain♪
♪Still, I hold fast
to the dream I cherish♪
♪Never have I thought to yield♪
♪Youth is meant
to stand against the world♪
♪I've always longed♪
♪To stand upon the highest peak♪
♪I've always wished♪
♪To cross a river wide and deep♪
♪In darkness,
look up to see the sky turn clear♪
♪Unyielding♪
♪The butterfly reborn
from its cocoon must fly♪
♪Like bamboo breaking forth,
I chase dreams through hardship♪
♪Return to me, my dream♪
♪Unyielding♪
♪My pure heart stays the same♪
♪You must face the wind♪
♪And go where your heart leads♪
♪Embrace the moonlight
that belongs to you♪
♪In the dark♪
=Voyage to Haihun, Season 2=
=Episode 4=
Liu He!
Why are you here?
Something happened in Chang'an.
Half of the Qilin have been taken.
I learned they're coming here
to harm you.
- Harm me?
- So...
Who wants to harm me?
You.
Why would I harm you?
Don't you trust me?
I do.
Of course, I do.
It's all for the spell, isn't it?
Right?
For me,
the Qilin means nothing.
You don't believe me?
Then take it.
Lord Huo.
You schemed to strip me of power,
and now you hand me the Qilin.
Are you mocking me?
I am Wang Heng.
Wang.
Qingge.
This is for you.
Better keep it for him.
It was his all along.
(Haihun Marquis's Mansion)
Wang, have some tea.
It's been years.
You haven't changed much.
It's been eleven years already.
I've grown older.
Older? Not at all.
You still look like a young maiden.
Wang, you really know how to tease.
But I enjoy hearing it.
I often see Lord Yan.
He's been doing well.
He heard I'd be coming to Yuzhang,
and asked me to bring you a message.
All is well with him in Chang'an.
He says you needn't worry.
Thank you, Wang.
I know my father's temper best.
We've long severed all contact.
Back in Chang'an, I defied his wishes,
then insisted on marrying the Marquis.
When did you two wed?
After I returned to Changyi,
the Marquis...
(Qingge Tavern)
(Ten years ago, Changyi)
received the imperial edict.
By the Ancestral Law
and the Will of Heaven,
the State of Changyi
was abolished and reestablished
as Shanyang Commandery
to set titles in order
and to calm the people.
Halt.
I said, halt!
You...
I know who you are
and what you're up to.
Get up, now.
Aren't you here to keep an eye on me?
Go tell that imperial nephew of mine,
this fief was passed down
through generations.
Who dares take it away?
Liu He.
Milord,
he's drunk and spoke rashly,
but he meant no rebellion.
I beg you, milord, show some mercy.
Don't let word of this reach Chang'an.
Chang'an?
Insolent commoner.
I'll report every deed of yours
to the court
and have you charged.
Go on, report it!
What's death, after all?
Come, take my life!
Liu He.
Enough of this nonsense.
I beg you, milord, show some mercy.
Don't let these words reach Chang'an.
A lady as fair as a flower.
Then for the sake of your honor,
I'll put the matter to rest here.
- Thank you, milord.
- What is it?
Maybe kneel and beg me, young lady?
Thank I'll pretend
such matter never happened.
Insolent wretch, mind your tongue!
I beg you to show mercy.
Spare us, please.
Spare you?
No need to do this.
I alone will bear the consequences.
Qingge, get up.
How long will you keep this up?
How can you face them
and face yourself?
I beg you to show mercy.
Spare us, please.
Kneel.
Kneel!
Speak. Has the cat got your tongue?
These are but a commoner's foolish words.
Please, milord, don't take it to heart.
As a commoner,
I beg you, milord,
spare us.
Very well.
Then today, I'll let you go.
After all, you are the former Emperor,
kneeling before me to apologize.
Hahaha.
Liu He.
Come on.
From that day on,
the Marquis drowned his sorrows in wine.
You want to drink?
Can you outdrink me?
Leave me be.
Where's your dream of seeing the world,
carefree and at ease?
Isn't this what you wanted?
Then you'd best leave early.
Let me be here alone.
You sit here drinking alone every day.
Why the solemn act?
Stay out of my business.
If you can't stand it, you can leave.
If not me, who else
would care for you?
Did you never care for me at all?
I'm not worth it.
Right now,
I'm just a commoner,
the one
will be laughed at for life.
So what if you're a commoner?
Qingge…
I'm not worthy.
Later, the imperial decree arrived,
granting him a post in Haihun.
(Qingge Tavern)
I shut down my tavern.
On the day of departure,
he appeared calm,
but deep down, he knew well
that once he left this place,
he might never return to his homeland.
He felt abandoned by the heavens,
which was why
he came to this remote land.
Later on, we got married.
That day, it was just the Marquis and me.
He left a seat for each of you.
Facing the empty seats,
he spoke for a long time
and drank a lot of wine.
He wished you all could have been there.
(I never thought he'd suffered so much.)
Just a few days ago,
we heard that you were still alive
and was appointed
Imperial Guard Commander.
I was truly happy for you.
- I always...
- Wang.
You don't need to explain to me.
I know you have your reasons.
I heard there's a lady by your side,
brave and skilled in battle.
I wonder if that's true.
It is indeed De Jiu.
At times, I truly envy her.
She lives freely
and able to do whatever she wishes.
I don't even know what I truly want.
Why?
Has he treated you poorly?
He treats me very well.
It's just...
we know each other too well.
Qingge,
I think he's merely...
Wang, let's not speak of this.
Just now, I saw you hurrying over.
You looked worried.
Is something urgent?
I heard someone
plotting against the Marquis.
So I rushed here.
Is there anything suspicious lately?
Anything suspicious?
Since the Marquis returned
from Chang'an,
he's been deeply shaken.
He drinks from dawn till dusk.
After we married,
he drank less.
But once we came to Yuzhang,
he started drinking again.
Lately, he often wakes at night,
muttering to himself.
No matter how I call, he won't answer.
It sounds like he's sleepwalking.
Never wake him suddenly.
The consequences could be dire.
Mm.
Oh, right.
Why has he begun
building his own tomb?
He said he doesn't have much time left.
I'm at a complete loss.
How strange...
Has the Marquis met anyone suspicious?
He seldom associates with others.
Only Uncle Li brings calming remedies.
- Uncle Li?
- Mm.
He came as well.
Madam,
the Marquis's medicine is ready.
Uncle Li.
Lord Wang, I must've been blind.
I failed to recognize you.
I'm sorry, milord.
You speak too formally.
Besides, you are my elder.
Back in the equine administration,
you treated my injury.
Please don't bring that up.
It makes me uneasy.
Tonight, I'll deliver the med
to the Marquis.
Wang,
let Uncle Li handle this.
The Marquis might get upset seeing you.
I'll trouble you.
Yes, madam.
I know you're worried about him.
He will be fine.
Everything will be fine.
I just hope it's only sleepwalking.
My lord,
if there's something weighing on you,
you can tell me.
Wang Heng, Lord Wang.
He's returned.
He asked me to find out the Qilin code.
Rest assured,
I will convey it truthfully to him.
Do you still not trust me?
The Qilin code.
Qilin...
code...
Wang Heng,
I'm not telling you.
So you won't leave.
Do you think I'd tell you now?
Huh?
Hahaha.
As your guard, I'm always at the ready.
You had too much to drink?
I'll keep the Marquis safe.
I am very much safe.
(I used to call him a fool often.)
(Now he truly became one.)
Eat slowly.
Liu He.
♪Watch the storm;
hear the night rain fall♪
♪Till the light of dawn♪
♪A truth that cannot be spoken♪
♪Right and wrong matter♪
♪Yet I can't make the right choice♪
♪The lost player in the game♪
♪Made a move by a twist of fate♪
♪The way back is lost,
leaving nowhere to return♪
♪Borrow the endless cycles♪
♪To fight for the most perfect outcome♪
♪How to trace the threads
and follow cause and effect♪
♪Seeking a strategy without flaw♪
♪How to break free
from this fated yet unforeseen lock♪
♪To live so as to shake the world♪
♪With this journey,
I gain a fiercer edge♪
♪I've planned
before I act countless times♪
♪Fatal danger turned into a jest♪
♪Through this road,
I watch the endless rise and fall♪
♪In the chapters lie ages
of decay and bloom♪
♪Let us meet again♪
♪One hurried path, and one at ease♪